hey line welcome to the new
tutorial what is called example
Optimization yes what you are under
that's the way it is otherwise
many already think that the problem is
that you are low on her or hers
Basics are hanging all the time
on or four their fans louder such
I had problems for a long time
time and then I have a bit
put it all in a bit
reduce what you do not need
and now it's all over
fluid and I will do that today
Show everything that I did
In any case, running with me
meanwhile really good player and
You can follow me with a feedback
whether it helped with you too
did not help what is yours
had problems and so on than first
as always, they are three folders
so document electronic arts the sims
3 First of all, they know that
at least that gives a folder
because at last they keep fit here
There are so many files in it and the ones
you really do not need to be
because these files should I say
since a certain finish there
in it
all pictures of all store in
Altenrhein saved and needs
he is not in the game now so you can
which practically delete
but if you delete them, they will
simply saved again he did so
made
they just come back again and again
definitely
I show you now can make such
first each with a right click on the
folder feature rider and then up
properties and then you go here
security then you look up here
are all the users and then looking for
Just make the noise that makes you
In other small shelf in any case
you choose the user on the
game
then pressed here on edit and
otherwise you 'll be happy down here
then is to write here because it makes
refuse a hook at and then refuse
just take over and then traffic
As I said we can do that everywhere
make that decide for yourself
I hope that now only where I always
play
We have done something like that now
the set so that it is now again
I can not say it in it
get saved
that means the pictures do not come
more again and that means that again
It's easy for everyone now
you could let it out with you
it's also pretty much that
different from me are 127 and yes
You always did what you did
Of course you can always do that
should be clear if you have the hitlists
has a lot of course, always listen that
you do not need what anymore
does not work or what now
Just do not know what you just
you can do without that of course
always out and that is essential for
the downloads as well as even outfit
and sixth she should always be beautiful
from what he does not need
Of course you can also recommend the
getting screenshots always to learn then
for example, on the desktop
or should you file with the whole
picture you can move one
then you can see the ones from the sims
delete folders because they burden that
game actually even impossible so
then there are also files that one
can delete
you can do that either before everyone
make game start or topics such as
what you do not do is replace it
Then there's this fight
How can you delete all of them then
There are usually flowed folders
Unfortunately I can not fix it
the mist to either and before the
but I believe now
just then there are still the
files you can do the same here
leave because how should I say it
generate themselves before every game takes place
new and if you do not see it for too long
erase better possible quite nicely and
the the game burdened
and therefore if you have the lights
yes a little unloaded play and
can also recommend this
download here is always allowed
not done if you something
then you should have the
you can change downloads afterwards you can
just like myself, always
no again i just like the pictures
not exactly
you can just save somewhere else
then you can have from the after
erase because that's just all
shows what you need to play and
What charged players and if you
holds but think so I say
now you can do something
play carefree and then it will
not really so much anymore
There is not much more
if you can still play in the game
under the options the graphic something
screw it down for the game
not too much produce what
I say now if I'm not like that
it has to do a lot, of course
also everything a little more liquid I have it
everything about the middle except that shows what
I do not need you at all
no idea so they fell to me
nothing but there are definitely
does not show what you actually do not like that
you just need low that
others can be put on middle then
sees the graphics actually still
quite good but it runs just
normal case a little faster
that was actually in the big and
already as I said you can me
like to give a feedback if golf has
you or still suggestions for improvement
if you still know something you do
so it can run a little faster
you are welcome in the comments
write
or send a message to mine
page in facebook the same the
description as always and yes
then I would say that to the next one
times